Life interest check
warm
Finally meet you
Tell me about your big star
How did you get to the top three?
More than that
We are Nuannuan, but good things have been going on recently.
First won the championship of 0 girls
As a guest on the scene
Attended the League of Assassins Finals
I heard
There's somebody who runs a media company.
How about holding Nuannuan alone?
Oh, you two are really dead
Look, I went to a country a few days ago
Lipstick and foundation for you both.
It's what you both like
warm
Warm congratulations
I've been wanting to tell you before, but I'm afraid to disturb you
Why don't I treat you?
Let's go out and celebrate Nuannuan together
No need to treat guests to dinner
Just don't darken me at night in the future
That would still have to be played
It's okay to delay buying something.
Ah no, I really can't drink it anymore
Miss Smile didn't take you seriously either.
It seems that your simp identity has not changed, huh?
Bullshit.
I don't know how sexy it is to put it on my bed
Come on, I'll take you somewhere